yeah some know what the summer is you
know you planning a subject you know you
forget about someone feels like winter
like
run it is the focus you saw in practice
today exactly how you guys were supposed
to come out after game one I mean is
that what you wanted to see from from
the too many times there's my first time
in the final so I don't know how it's
supposed to be as the first game so when
we just know we've been practicing hard
and listening to coach the whole season
so you know do that we don't change now
not have risen praise it's me playing in
June here's my first time playing and
doing you know I've been there a couple
times and close my first time playing
Ashley in June but I always work out to
dry you know since i was working i
always worked out to july and I've never
accepted you know not being in the
playoffs oh my summer actually never
started by till July wanted so i'm
pretty much y'all using my body's used
to you know going you know until we have
to stop well you're being like what's
this year been like for you compared to
your expectations before you came the
laker so you know what's this year been
like for you i'm sure you had
expectations before the season started
now that we're reaching the end what's
what's the year been like
mumbai fast you know it started out
signing out fun and then maybe we do you
know all these all a lot of businesses
all about focus but i started out kind
of fun you know all little talk shows
and all that stuff I was doing here cuts
and stuff but you know has come points
out where had to be about basketball
Robbins of for you in players I'm
tangled up early in the game were you
just trying to set it to him there so we
can ask a question I can hear you and I
wanted to know obvious you're a physical
player but you know set the tone for
your whole team that you weren't gonna
be intimidated I don't know about that I
was just putting on and that's not
really the season I haven't really been
in a lot of Custer's like that I'm now
still play hard and aggressive but when
I guess that's championship basketball
it gets right and I mean most in place
hard you know that everybody know they
got 12 guys with a homer humming guys on
the roster tits and God reaching guys
what I'm not mistaken me a whole team
it's real aggressive yeah I've seen that
you know emotional play hard offensive
rebound attack the basket and your face
you know when one yeah see you know you
donate basically had bought Tim Duncan
you know he's a Minnesota so I mean
I expect you know a physical physical
game but the good thing about it I don't
have to be physical because I'm already
physical so I don't have to try you know
to do something that would be something
not so that's why I'm going to stay
composed because that level of no
offense would play out in there all
right you think you guys surprised them
on how physical as a team you guys were
them I was it a stone yeah that's done I
don't know I don't know they seem as
little you guys kind of overpowered them
yesterday yeah I mean they had a travel
nada had been here for day two days rest
and again here they had to travel so you
know jet lag and things like that sauce
come on I think I see a different boston
celtics in terms of physical play and
and your and your defense last night you
seemed hesitant to acknowledge or take
praise for for shutting down Pierce as
much as you did I don't really know what
i did i got when i shut down people
understood people having like you know
under 10 maybe 15 so i don't know what I
did yeah 24 points 11 33 quarter oh yeah
nothing on this we're not the defense
spending the three well what did you
like about that under I think of a
couple of shots almost went down past
had some open threes that I think the i
key he'll settle down that he had
knocked him down you know so what we
gotta do a better job even there but i
think i guess you know game one
protecting your home for you know i
think that is something to be proud
about that now the most important thing
is getting too